this is skit Kelly and in this video
we're going to use ezc version 4 for
cortex to create a tank drive
telling-off program for a proto bot or a
freeze tag robot let's start by opening
the ECC program by double clicking on
the desktop icon now let's go to the
file on the menu bar and click new
standalone project select a joystick
project Wi-Fi and click OK this should
bring the main program flowchart up we
want our robot to continually check back
for a fresh command from the joystick
and we'll do this using a wild loop
click the plus sign beside the project
flow click and drag the wild loop
between the variable block and the end
block when the wild loop block opens
enter 1 in the text box beside the word
while this keeps the wild loop true and
creates an infinite loop then click OK
now we are ready to add our joystick
control click the plus sign beside
joystick our robot has two Drive motors
and we're going to program it for tank
drive click and drag the tank to motor
block onto the line between the two
bracket blocks on the wild loop
this will bring up the tank to motor
window looking down the window we first
see a text box for transmitter the
primary transmitter is joystick one
joystick two would be if you are using a
second transmitter to also control your
robot next is two text boxes for the
transmitter channel this refers to the
game sticks on your transmitter channel
three is the y-axis on the left
game stick channel two is the y axis on
the right game stick the next text boxes
are the motor numbers these refer to the
motor port we plugged our motors into on
the robot controller remember we plugged
our left drive motor into motor port two
and our right motor into motor port
three
the default tank to motor block is
programmed so we shouldn't have to
invert either motor but the option is
there should we like to customize the
way our robot drives leave all the
settings the same and enter into the
comment box default settings and click
OK
we have just completed our telly off
program let's save our project go to
file on the menu bar click on save file
in the save project window highlight
enter name and enter default tank Drive
now click okay